Added new doc for Schema (#663)
spatialos/UnrealGDK: SpatialGDK/Documentation/content/schema.md

## Generating schema

To generate schema, select the **Schema** button in the [GDK Toolbar]({{urlRoot}}/content/toolbars#buttons). The GDK automatically iterates through classes with replicated properties to generate the required schema files and then updates the [SchemaDatabase]({{urlRoot}}/content/glossary#schemadatabase).

![Toolbar]({{assetRoot}}assets/screen-grabs/toolbar/schema-button.png)

_Image: In the GDK toolbar in the Unreal Editor, select **Schema**_

As the GDK automatically generates all the schema you need, you do not have to write or edit schema manually when using the GDK.

### When to generate schema

You must generate schema when you add or change any [replicated properties (Unreal documentation)](https://docs.unrealengine.com/en-US/Gameplay/Networking/Actors/Properties) that you want to deploy to SpatialOS.

The GDK only generates schema for classes currently loaded into memory. This means if your project uses [sublevels](<https://docs.unrealengine.com/en-us/Engine/Levels/LevelsWindow>), you’ll need to load them in addition to your map, before generating schema.

## Deleting schema

> Whenever you generate schema, the GDK checks the [SchemaDatabase]({{urlRoot}}/content/glossary#schemadatabase) and all of your project classes currently loaded into memory, and removes any classes referenced in the `SchemaDatabase` that no longer exist.

Reviewer: This sentence and the next kinda say the same thing. Essentially - "When generating schema, the GDK verifies that anything previously saved in the SchemaDatabase still exists. If the class has been deleted, it's also removed from the SchemaDatabase."

Author: >New text
When you generate schema, the GDK verifies that any classes referenced in the [SchemaDatabase]({{urlRoot}}/content/glossary#schemadatabase) still exist. If you delete a class the GDK removes it from the SchemaDatabase the next time you generate schema.

If you delete any classes in your project, the GDK removes them from the SchemaDatabase the next time you generate schema.

# Schema and source control 

### Checking out the `SchemaDatabase`

**Note:** If you are using the built-in [Unreal source control system](https://docs.unrealengine.com/en-US/Engine/UI/SourceControl) Unreal locks this file on checkout, meaning other users are unable to write to it. To prevent this, mark the `SchemaDatabase` file as writable locally on each machine, and only check out the file when you are ready to commit any changes made to it. 

## Schema for unique local classs

> Whenever you generate schema, the GDK checks the [SchemaDatabase]({{urlRoot}}/content/glossary#schemadatabase) and all the in-memory classes in your project and removes any classes referenced in the `SchemaDatabase` that no longer exist.

Reviewer: This sentence contains duplicate info from above.

# Schema

> SpatialOS uses [schema (SpatialOS documentation)](https://docs.improbable.io/reference/13.6/shared/concepts/schema#schema) to generate APIs specific to the components in your game world. These APIs define how you can operate on entity components within SpatialOS. 

Author: Per the canonology I think SpatialOS component is the correct term. @m-samiec might be able to comment here.

> SpatialOS uses [schema (SpatialOS documentation)](https://docs.improbable.io/reference/13.6/shared/concepts/schema#schema) to generate APIs specific to the components in your game world. These APIs define how you can operate on entity components within SpatialOS. 

Reviewer: Yes, just component is fine.

> SpatialOS uses [schema (SpatialOS documentation)](https://docs.improbable.io/reference/13.6/shared/concepts/schema#schema) to generate APIs specific to the components in your game world. These APIs define how you can operate on entity components within SpatialOS. 

Author: Is it more correct to say:
>to generate APIs specific to the components in your project. These APIs define how you can operate on entity components within SpatialOS.
?

> SpatialOS uses [schema (SpatialOS documentation)](https://docs.improbable.io/reference/13.6/shared/concepts/schema#schema) to generate APIs specific to the components in your game world. These APIs define how you can operate on entity components within SpatialOS. 

Reviewer: Sounds good.

## Generating schema

> To generate schema, select the **Schema** button in the [GDK Toolbar]({{urlRoot}}/content/toolbars#buttons). The GDK automatically iterates through objects with replicated properties to generate the required schema files and then updates the [`SchemaDatabase`(Unreal GDK Glossary)]({{urlRoot}}/content/glossary#schemadatabase).

Author: Per the discussion on the Gdoc, 'iterates' is the correct term in this context. 
> Iteration, in the context of computer programming, is a process wherein a set of instructions or structures are repeated in a sequence a specified number of times or until a condition is met.

![Toolbar]({{assetRoot}}assets/screen-grabs/toolbar/schema-button.png)

> *Image: In the GDK toolbar in the Unreal Editor, select the* ***Schema*** *button.*

Author: Edited, ty.

As the GDK automatically generates all the schema you need, you do not have to write or edit schema manually when using the GDK.

### When to generate schema

> You must generate schema:

Author: Section removed as the schema generation requirements have changed slightly with the snapshot change.

> - When you add or change any replicated properties that you want to deploy to SpatialOS.

Author: We don't have a page or a glossary entry for this. 
Could link here: https://docs.unrealengine.com/en-US/Gameplay/Networking/Actors/Properties
@m-samiec , thoughts?

> - When you add or change any replicated properties that you want to deploy to SpatialOS.

Reviewer: That link works 👍

> - When you create a new map. This ensures that you generate schema for any unique objects on this map. 

Reviewer: As snapshots don't contain any map specific information, this isn't required anymore.

Author: Nuked as part of the snapshot changes. Thanks :D

Author: Section now reads: 

```
You must generate schema when you add or change any replicated properties that you want to deploy to SpatialOS.
```

Is that correct?

Reviewer: That is correct.

> - When you create a new map. This ensures that you generate schema for any unique objects on this map. 

Author: We don't have a page for maps as they're a basic (albeit confusingly named) Unreal concept. Unreal also doesn't have a Map documentation page. They have a 'Level' documentation page, which is semi-relevant but also confusing. 

I've got a glossary entry in the works to try and make this less confusing.

> - When you open a map and you haven’t generated schema for it yet. 

Author: <3

> You must also generate a snapshot after generating schema by selecting the **Snapshot** button on the GDK toolbar. For more information about snapshots, refer to the [snapshot documentation]({{urlRoot}}/content/generating-a-snapshot).

Author: Spoke to @m-samiec and this isn't true anymore, snapshot generation has changed a fair bit in the last 5 minutes or so. The whole snapshot paragraph has been removed.

> You must also generate a snapshot after generating schema by selecting the **Snapshot** button on the GDK toolbar. For more information about snapshots, refer to the [snapshot documentation]({{urlRoot}}/content/generating-a-snapshot).

Reviewer: This is also not true now that generated snapshots don't contain any level information,

Author: Also nuked this bit.

The GDK only generates schema for objects currently loaded into memory. This means if your project uses [sublevels](<https://docs.unrealengine.com/en-us/Engine/Levels/LevelsWindow>), you’ll need to load them in addition to your map, before generating schema.

> Schema [component IDs](https://docs.improbable.io/reference/13.5/shared/schema/reference#ids) persist between runs of the schema generator. This means that as long as you have generated schema for a particular map at least once, and have not modified any classes or maps since you last generated schema, then you only need to generate a snapshot for the current level before you start a SpatialOS deployment. 

Author: Due to the snapshot changes we no longer need this section so I've culled it. This info is implicit in the above "when to generate schema" section.

## Deleting schema

> Whenever you generate schema, the GDK checks the [`SchemaDatabase`(Unreal GDK Glossary)]({{urlRoot}}/content/glossary#schemadatabase) and all the relevant objects in your project and removes any references to missing objects from the `SchemaDatabase`. 

Author: Good shout. I forgot to update this after settling on terminology. I think we went for SchemaDatabase when referring to it as a concept and `SchemaDatabase` when referring to the file itself. 

Fixed. (also fixed the earlier SchemaDatabase mention)

> Whenever you generate schema, the GDK checks the [`SchemaDatabase`(Unreal GDK Glossary)]({{urlRoot}}/content/glossary#schemadatabase) and all the relevant objects in your project and removes any references to missing objects from the `SchemaDatabase`. 

Reviewer: Tiny nit, but schema generator operates on a per-class basis, not per-object.

Author: Tiny nits are the best nits. Edited.

> Whenever you generate schema, the GDK checks the [`SchemaDatabase`(Unreal GDK Glossary)]({{urlRoot}}/content/glossary#schemadatabase) and all the relevant objects in your project and removes any references to missing objects from the `SchemaDatabase`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whenever you generate schema, the GDK checks the [`SchemaDatabase`(Unreal GDK Glossary)]({{urlRoot}}/content/glossary#schemadatabase) and all the in-memory classes in your project and removes any classes referenced in the `SchemaDatabase` that no longer exist. 
```

Reviewer: Something like this, but with better words.

Author: Nice suggestion! Edited.

Author: (They are fine words)

> If you delete any objects in your project, the GDK removes them from the `SchemaDatabase` the next time you generate schema.

Reviewer: Also here, any reference to `object` from here on should probably be swapped with `class`

Author: Done. Thanks!
